bryson the big days finally here you've
been committed for quite a while but now
you actually get to sign just how
excited are you to be signed as this
letter you know I'm very excited it
feels so surreal I really can't believe
that I'm in this position very thankful
for the blessing that God is bestowed
upon me and I can't wait to sign these
papers back tomorrow it was obviously
kind of an interesting week over the
past week how much of a push did Georgia
make on your pricing was it ever that
any close to you to you considering them
again when I was up there you know who
it was it was harder no coach Pruitt
comes rate you know those some great
guys you know they really they really
put the full court press on you you know
they are we thinking a lot but you know
then I just started realizing you know
why the reason I come in South Carolina
and no it was easy it was easy it was
easy decision you know I don't have any
I'd have any regrets and I'm not gonna
have any regrets up I like to sound
somebody wearing you go where there's a
problem to today UNITA had to bring kyle
is something that looks good man Bryce
just going have you already sent in your
letter or is that meant I know I haven't
seen my video I'm probably gonna fix
that off around eleven o'clock okay I
just came over from my MLK talk to West
obviously he's gonna make a decision in
five I want to ask you how good do you
feel that you'll have some company next
year in South I feel great I feel great
up you not today it started off a great
day already you know had a fluke
commitment from Nebraska so
I just feel great about today oh I
probably think we're gonna get all
through the three guys left on the boys
when do you was the last time you talked
to us we're all I'm probably talk to
Wesley on Monday that's how they Monday
you know he just said he's very good
Gary cazzo okay all right well um just a
few more things Bryson I mean looking at
next year how do you feel about your
chance to come in and play right away
obviously they've got some linebackers
that got some friends last year almost
feels great by one sense of the you know
for me I'm on the work hard I'm a hard
worker you know you know just just using
my abilities to the to help the team on
being a good person so you know I might
not be you know I might not start you
know I'm a working smart but you know I
might not start I'm gonna come in on
third-down situations you know be able
to rush the passer so you know I'm
really ready for it and oh one more
thing Bryce and how old are you right
now 17 okay is that like a late birthday
comes i'll tell us everything october oh
ok so actually be 18 next year is your
legs on Soviets okay was there a murder
how'd that come about did you skip a
grade Rome well I started school early I
started school I started school when I
was three so you know my mom's one went
ahead and sent me to school early
because I do ever late birthday suit
leave I was gonna be late always going
to be are gonna be behind so she doing
here same you out of school early cuz
there ever a thought it may be hanging
back a year and when the one she thought
it was about it very very but you know
who who'd everybody in this position so
you know I'm still thanks for you know
guy got gotta make sure things happen
for a reason so no I'm just happy i'm in
my position right now